Greetings! Welcome to our smanos video channel.
In this video, we will introduce the S105 Plug & Play alarm panel.
Its use is easy and can be set within a minute.
It operates at a security frequency of 868 MHz
and can be extended to up to 40 sensors.
Let's see what the S105 alarm system kit contains.
The set includes a mini siren with SS1005 strobe
motion sensor PIR with bracket and screw set
door / window contact, two remote controls
double-sided adhesive tape, documentation and warning stickers.
How the alarm system works.
Normal operation of this system is very easy.
If the sensor has been activated, the signal is sent to the dashboard.
The control panel instantly recognizes an integrated siren.
All products in this kit can be used as accessories for various smanos control panels.
To install the system, simply plug the siren into an electrical outlet.
To check that previously paired accessories are paired correctly
press the siren button for about half a second. Siren beeps once
and switches to pairing mode. After activating the sensor and sending a signal
the siren receives the signal and connects.
If you hear one beep, this is a new connection.
If you hear two beeps, it means the siren has been paired earlier.
Let's look at the door / window contact.
First pull out the tape sensor. Verify that the door / window contact triangles are facing each other.
Now separate the magnet from the sensor and the red LED on the sensor will light up.
This means it has been activated.
It can be installed next to a door or window opening.
Place the sensor on the side. Place the magnet on a door or window.
Check that the triangles are facing each other and keep a distance of one centimeter.
A PIR motion sensor follows.
First pull the tape out of the motion sensor.
The test runs for about 30 seconds.
If the sensor detects movement twice within three minutes,
switches to power saving mode.
This means that it will not activate and will not send a signal to the dashboard.
Press the button on the back of the motion sensor twice to send a pairing signal to the device.
The best installation height is 2.2 meters.
This gives you a range of about 8 meters and an angle of view of 110 degrees.
Each product in this kit can be used as an accessory for all smanos panels.
The PIR motion sensor and magnetic contact can be installed in normal pairing mode
To install the SS1005 siren on the smanos dashboard, the siren must be in pairing mode.
Press the siren button for about half a second until you hear a beep.
Then press the activation button on the smanos dashboard.
The siren beeps once, which means it is connected.
And so our video about this product ends. We hope you enjoyed it
Watch our channel for more videos about our products.
For more information, please visit smanos.com or our Facebook and Twitter profile to get the latest information.
Thank you for your attention and we look forward to next time!